Add P-R lettered article stubs from glossary (#3867)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Disambiguation/Rank/en.md

---
stub: true
tags:
  - grade
  - ranking
---

# Rank

Rank has three meanings:

> - Another word for a letter grade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Synonym for a letter grade.
```

- A player's standing in online leaderboards (also known as "[player ranking](/wiki/Ranking)").

> - The verb "to rank". When someone goes through the [beatmap ranking procedure](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure/en.md), making scores achieved by anyone playing it count towards each player's player ranking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The verb "to rank". When someone goes through the [beatmap ranking procedure](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure), making scores achieved by anyone playing it count towards each player's player ranking.
```
`/en.md` will redirect to the english article specifically iirc

> - The verb "to rank". When someone goes through the [beatmap ranking procedure](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure), making scores achieved by anyone playing it count towards each player's player ranking.

Reviewer 2: I think this sounds a bit better.

```suggestion
- The verb "to rank", which means going through the [beatmap ranking procedure](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure).
```
